[Music]
17 unbelievable facts that will thrill
you it's the age of information and we
often face new facts that replace our
previous views be it a scientific
discovery or an invention we found some
reddit thread where people were asked
about the most incredible statistics
they had ever seen we've picked our
favorites for instance you've probably
never heard that our planet was once
purple watch the video till the end to
discover more amazing things about our
life number one London reached the
population of 1939 only in 2015 76 years
and three full generations without Wars
and catastrophes or what it took the
British capital to repopulate itself to
pre-war numbers
interestingly both Berlin and Paris have
yet to reach their pre-war population to
just 5% to 10% of wines become better
after one year yes it's true and only 1%
do so after five years this fact seems
to be a good reason to open the bottle
at once
[Music]
so horrid glass make yourself
comfortable
and watch the following incredible fact
315 percent of daily google queries have
never been repeated in 15 years
never ever Google carried out a
statistic survey for its 15th
anniversary it showed that on average
every sixth search query was unique in
that period the search engine is
continually being updated of course but
this data still proves how diverse and
unique we all are or more people live in
the greater Tokyo area than in Canada
[Music]
this seems to be impossible but it's
entirely accurate
the Tokyo elimination is a bit more
densely populated than the second
biggest country in the world
five when 70 people come together
there's a 99.99% possibility that two of
them were born on the same day
[Music]
actually at least two of them from a
layman's point of view it seems doubtful
but mathematically it's all correct if
one member of the group is born on day X
and there are only 364 days left for the
second member 363 days for the third one
etc to calculate this possibility you
just need to multiply these proportions
365 by 365 multiplied by 364 by 365
multiplied by 363 by 365 and so on as a
result fewer than 0.01% of the group
have different dates of birth 6 the
proportion of Pope's per 1 square mile
in the Vatican is 5.9 don't believe us
count for yourself the surface area of
the Vatican is just 0.17 square miles
[Music]
seven in 42 minutes of freefall you can
cover the distance from one pole of the
earth to the other sounds incredible
right however scientists have just
recently adjusted the count and proved
that it would only take you 38 minutes
to do so eight the earth has lost half
of its wildlife in the last 40 years
sadly despite all efforts of humanity
wildlife is still diminishing I guess
all of us should take this issue more
seriously nine eight percent of Asian
men are direct descendants of Genghis
Khan Genghis Khan thathe more offspring
a man has and more significance he bears
in the world its harem counted several
thousand women many of whom gave birth
to his children
that's why 8% of men from 17 locations
in Asia have one of history's greatest
conquerors genes in their Y chromosomes
10 there are about 30 times more trees
on earth and stars in the Milky Way if
you know how many trees are on our
planet totally it's more than 3 trillion
now think what it might have been a
hundred years ago 11 the USA has more
public libraries than McDonald's
restaurants in spite of the widespread
stereotype that Americans love fast food
the number of McDonald's joints is less
than that of public libraries in the US
and that's not counting school libraries
1290 years of a person's life is less
than 5,000 weeks a little more than
4,500 weeks
is if you or a lot it's up to you to
decide every week of your life count 13
cleopatra lived closer in time to the
moon landing than to the pyramids
construction the Great Pyramids of Kyoto
the largest of the pyramids of ancient
Egypt was built in 25 40 BC Cleopatra
lived much later in 69 30 BC now count
van stepped on the moon in 1969 fourteen
forty three percent of British airline
pilots confessed to falling asleep
during their flight well we hope you
won't stop traveling by plane after
learning this it's just an interesting
fact
fifteen private owners in the US have
more Tigers than there are in the wild
on the one hand the overall growth of
the tiger population is high in recent
decades on the other hand their masters
often treat them as ordinary cats which
is of course improper 16 livestock
farming does more damage to the
environment than transport this one
sounds like a lie right in fact it's
true this happens due to co2 emissions
and soil and water pollution
17 the earth was once purple scientists
from the University of Maryland say that
ancient microbes didn't use chlorophyll
to absorb sunlight but another molecule
called retinol they absorbed the green
part of the spectrum reflecting the red
and blue ones which resulted in purple
this theory is supported by the fact
that the Sun transfers most of its
energy in the green part of the visible
spectrum and chlorophyll mostly absorbs
blue and red waves there's also a
supposition that the balance they shift
one day again the earth will become more
purple while looking green from space
due to atmospheric changes have these
amazing facts and pressed you if so hit
the like button below the video and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life